what a wave people are welcome to
another video here on my channel and the day of
today I have a book hall
again this month I bought it in many
books but I still want to teach them
it's like a tradition I see that I want
do with you notice that it helps
make the insurgent review but I
I prefer to wait to go see the movie
and make a book to the movie for
be able to encompass both things and not
make many videos about insurgent
but I could not go see it I think
that until next week and may
see it so let's start normal person
from benito taibo this book had many
I want to read it I have seen many reviews
from him I've seen a lot of benito taibo and
they say it's a very nice book
so yes I think I 'm the only one
missing in reading this looked much more
great in videos and photos and it's a little thing
It's a very nice thing 4
but in carburizing it is a prequel to
divergent but it is the story of 4
x4 that is, if you already read loyal and
everyone will know because I'm afraid to read
this and feeling very sad address
artistic study notebooks
cinematographic of the cuec unam este me
I bought it now that I went to the festival of
cinema in Guadalajara and it's a story
little funny because it turns out that my
boyfriend told me sad purchase because it 's from
artistic direction because the two
we stupidly think that direction
artistic and barbarity direction of
actors and it's something we do not know how to do
So I said yes to them, I said
artistic direction is not like address
of art but I had already bought it and
Then I read the back and after that
I opened and said no if the over address of
art then it is the wrong book
but well, it's nice to know
of art not that of art direction and
finally and that's why we broke from l'angel
I did not buy this handler
they lent me renny the rain and
chats follow on twitter
she told me she did not like that I
Done or finished it
and the truth is that I already started to read
it's very little I'm not liking or
be just what it is to read like that because
here you know I have not finished me
they're going to kill when the ten are still not
I have finished dreams of gods and
monsters
is that they operated on me I could not read and there
it had become too heavy to read this
real book had never happened to me
it had never happened to me and it is terrible or
I'm liking it but today the point
that I started browsing this looks and
read and it has not caught me much I do not mean
little bit but
I do not know I do not like it as it is
written
I thought I was going to like it because it deals
of something interesting but I think I do not
will like it and well that's all people
I see them next Tuesday with my
book the insurgent film and already the
I love a lot is to see me from youtube